Add deprecation notices about GAS (#1965)
intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes: cmd/gpu_plugin/fractional.md

# GPU plugin with GPU Aware Scheduling (deprecated)

> This is a deprecated feature. It is recommended to instead use the newer [DRA resource driver](https://github.com/intel/intel-resource-drivers-for-kubernetes) to achieve fractional GPU resource allocating.

Reviewer: This could use direct link to DRA GPU driver doc (I assume its location is now stable):
```suggestion
This is a deprecated feature. In Kubernetes v1.32+, [DRA GPU resource driver](https://github.com/intel/intel-resource-drivers-for-kubernetes/blob/main/doc/gpu/README.md) can be used for fractional GPU resource allocating instead.
```
